readme.md, before:

MVP for the paytastic hackaton. send a POST request, get the best option for your transaction. admin forms to define the various quotes (read-only) and a log of all the past transactions (read only too)

data structure expected by the api: json encoded with
    - transaction value
    - transaction currency



TODO:
 - create js (react? nah.) script for website inclusion
    - inject form
    - on click, call the ashwort api, update form to show 'in progress'
    - on successfull callback, update the form with a success
    
 - create the api for the custom script
    - api endpoint
    - 3rd party api integration (mastercard, may something more)
    - auth
    
 - extra: expand to take into account the foreign currency fee
    - grab as a parameter the currency
    - ping xignite to check the mid market rate
    - do some magic and decide which is the best option
    
 - improve: move quote logic to queryset, not view
 
 - extra extra: more robust error and security handling
 
 - extra extra extra: make coffee
 
 
 Code by Lorenzo Turrino

Commit message:

write some kind of readme

readme.md, after:

MVP for the paytastic hackaton. send a POST request, get the best option for your transaction. 
admin forms to define the various quotes (read-only) and a log of all the past transactions (read only too)

data structure expected by the api: json encoded body
{
    'value': transaction_value,
    'currency': 3_letter_currency_code,
    'cardNumber': optional_card_number,
}

Sections:
    -merchantscript, a fake html page + a sample jquery form injector+handler
    -paymentbackend, a django application
    
Backend Installation:
    - Install python (used 3.4.5, not sure on 2.7 compatibility) and pip
    - optional: create a virtualenv
    - run $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    - cd into paymentbackend and run $ python manage.py migrate to update the DB schema
    - run $ python manage.py createsuperuser to add an admin user to the db.
 
Frontend: no installation. if you have node and want a quick way to serve files locally do.
    - Install Node
    - run $ npm install http-server -g

Running project:
    - in a shell, cd to paymentbackend and run $ python manage.py runserver
    - in a second shell, cd to merchantscript and run $ http=server
    - you might need to tweak the js script since it's hardcoded to look for the backend at 'http://127.0.0.1:8000/'
    - the admin dasboard is availalbe on the backend server at /admin
 
Code by Lorenzo Turrino
